c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\StickWeather.DataModel.dll.config
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\StickWeather.DataModel.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\StickWeather.DataModel.pdb
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\StickWeather.DataModels.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\StickWeather.DataModels.pdb
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\obj\Debug\StickWeather.DataModel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\obj\Debug\StickWeather.DataModel.dll
c:\users\brooks\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\obj\Debug\StickWeather.DataModel.pdb
C:\Users\Brooks\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\obj\Debug\StickWeather.DataModel.Migrations.First.resources
C:\Users\Brooks\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\StickWeather\StickWeather.DataModel\obj\Debug\StickWeather.DataModel.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
